well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we are going to uh talk about
talking points transitions
schools and magic
because that's what this is illusion
sleight of hand
that's what the president is really
hoping to achieve here
the push to get all the students in
person to get them all back
in person it's a magic trick
the hope from the administration is that
if everybody goes back
then the average american is going to
feel like things are getting back to
normal
that we're back on track that the
economy is going to get better that
everything's going to be okay and we are
ready for that transition to greatness
that's the uh that's the plan that's
why the push is there the good news
is that a whole bunch of school
districts large ones have already said
no we're not doing it
that that's a bad idea we are not doing
it
and that's a good thing they're going to
open up
using distance learning and that's smart
apparently teachers are better educated
than
well that's not really a surprise um
so now that these large
districts have already said they're not
doing it
that talking point is gone the president
is not going to be able to say that
because there are
large school districts that aren't doing
it that are thinking for themselves
that means there should be no reason for
governors who just want to obey dear
leader
to continue to push it the talking point
is gone
there's no reason to risk this now there
is no reason to risk it
no matter what he's not gonna be able to
say that
so there's no reason to take the risk
especially now
that districts have looked at what they
need to do to reopen
and they're like we can't do this and
for some of them it's
literally impossible they don't have the
money
the whole argument here is that
well students they need to be socialized
we're robbing them of that
have you actually looked at what they're
supposed to do when they reopen these
schools
it turns it into a prison no changing
classes
meals are to be eaten in the classroom
everybody's six feet apart
plastic dividers up everywhere paint on
the ground
so they know how far to stay apart stay
in line and mate
it turns it into a prison
i don't know that i want my child
socialized in that manner
the other talking point here is that
well
we don't know there's really no evidence
that that it's gonna
go bad that there will be problems we
don't know that for sure so let's just
risk it
i have evidence in arizona
they had summer school three teachers
they end up like sharing kind of
rotating through this classroom
all of them appropriately socially
distanced wearing a mask
hand sanitizer whole everything doing
everything right
all three of them caught it one of
them's dead my evidence is kimberly
byrd a teacher for 38 years who is no
longer with us
that's my evidence so before we start
this in florida i want governor desantis
to give us a number
exactly how many teachers are we cool
with putting in the ground
that way when we reach that number
and we will we can stop
i want to know exactly how many teachers
were okay with losing
there's got to be some standard here
right
the whole push behind this is for a
talking point that we're getting back to
normal
talking point is gone the magic trick is
ruined
everybody's gonna know there's no reason
to
do this we can't meet the criteria
we can't follow the guidelines we're
clearly
still in a state where cases are rising
the talking point is gone it is
definitely a risk
there is no reason to do this and we
have an alternative
if only there was some other way
to teach children how to count you know
one
two three ah they could count how many
of their teachers they lose because of
desantis's
policies and for those that
don't want to watch big bird they can
you know go online as they had been
before
is it ideal no it's not
but it's better than
their field trips being to cemeteries
the talking point is gone it is not
going to appear that we're getting back
to normal
as bags get filled
there's no reason to risk this there is
no
reason to risk this not
anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good day